The Joe Rogan Experience. Was this Was this the pad that Zahi was using right here? This one? Uh, [Music] maybe that might have been the worst podcast I've ever done. But maybe a good one, too, just to see. Okay, this is the guy. This is this closed-minded minded fellow that's been in charge of gatekeeping all the knowledge about and still standing on the same ideas even after this LAR comes out. Yeah. The tomography whatever it is that stuff's fascinating because uh I've been even after that podcast I've been watching more videos for those Italian scientists describing it. They've used it to, this is one of the things that I brought up. One of the temples that they scanned with this was very accurate. And he's like, "But this was only 50 feet down." Yeah. Okay. Right. But it works. Like at 50 ft down, you get an accurate representation of what's inside there, which And he was the one Zahi supposedly, you know, discovered it. But he's discovered everything basically. So how do you genius? He's the best. So But the good thing is that Graham can go back to Egypt now. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So, they patched up something. Yeah. Well, that was one of the reasons why Zahi came on cuz Graham talked to Zah and like Zahi wants to do this. We're friends now. I was like, "Bring him in. Let's go. Bring him in. I'll talk to him." I thought I thought he would probably Did he invite you to to Egypt? And what'd you say? Yeah. If I'm going I'm going with Graham. Yeah. I I said I told Graham I wanted him to take me a few years ago. He said, "I can't go. He'll kill me." So, next thing you know, I see Graham's taking people to Egypt. I said, "What the fuck?" Well, that's nice. It's nice that they patched it up. I went back I went there last uh last July. Did you? Last uh sorry, June. How was it? Incredible. Yeah, it was incredible. Did you walk away thinking immediately there's a lot we don't know. 100%. And what they tell you is complete [ __ ] Yeah. I have a friend who went there and the archaeologist that showed him it said, "This is complete bullshit." Like the narrative is complete [ __ ] Yeah. He said, "The scale of it." He said the scale of it and the technology involved in construction is beyond our current understanding of how to do this. And it's not just the pyramids in the Sphinx. The other temples are magnificent. Not only that, there's probably a bunch of [ __ ] under the ground. I know that's the one I wanted to go see. But the cool thing was the first temple I went in was what I'd seen on Ancient Aliens where at the very top of the temple, you have one of the most famous hieroglyphs which has a spaceship, a helicopter, and a submarine up there. as clear as you can possibly imagine. Show that. What the [ __ ] is that? How in the What is that? Explain that, please. Because that looks like a spaceship. That looks like a submarine. And that 100% looks like a helicopter. So weird. The Egypt is the weirdest place on Earth. It really is because But that's why it needs to be What the hell's underneath it? Well, I think that one. That one right there. Yeah. I mean, come on. I mean, what are we talking about? Come on. That's so crazy. That's a spaceship or a fighter jet. Some kind of a That's a submarine. It looks like a yacht. Looks like one of them old yachts that they keep getting pounded. That's a helicopter. It looks like a helicopter to me. It looks just like a helicopter. If it's not a helicopter, what a goddamn coincidence. Yeah. And you know, there's a bunch of weird stuff there. A bunch of weird images. Just And how about that one plane that they found that was inside? They found like a wooden plane y that was inside one of the chambers. Totally normal. We just buried there with the Yeah, that was the other thing that Zahi was uh unwilling to uh entertain was this king's list. This zeppeky uh kings list that goes back 30,000 plus years. They all they all want to pretend that's a myth that all the other hieroglyphs are legitimately documenting the history of the region. But when it gets past the narrative, these 30,000 year old kings, that place has probably been there for a long [ __ ] time. Yeah. Probably hundreds of thousands of years, which is so crazy. And it's probably built on other stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's the other thing about the base of the the pyramids. It's like you have to realize like there's a base there. Before they put the pyramids up, they put this insane base. And if what they're saying is accurate with these readings that there's a structure that goes under the ground two kilometers, like what is that? If they can find that, then you have to throw everything out the window. But aren't you with me? Like why are we not interested in that? Well, we are. But why are we why is modern archaeology not going, "Yeah, let's [ __ ] figure this [ __ ] out." Because modern archaeology forever has been saying that we have the answers, that we have the timeline. We know when Kufu built this. We know when Cafrey built this. We know who did this. And they're not correct. It's just it's not accurate. It's too weird. There's no way you have all the information. Also, where did everybody go? Like, there's people living there, but it's clearly not the same civilization. So, what happened to this insane civilization? If there wasn't a collapse of society at a in an an immense level, if there wasn't some sort of a civil civilization destroying event, Yeah. then where did Yeah. What happened? How about this this idea? We got a new pope. Mhm. He's from the States. From Chicago. Yeah. Yeah. Let's open up the Library of the Vatican. Good luck. Good luck doing that.